= governor_twitter

<b>Governor[http://carpeliam.github.com/governor/]</b> (named after Rod
Blagojevich) is the pluggable blogging platform for Rails, built for people
who want to build their blog into their website, not build their website into
their blog.

*governor_twitter* is a plugin for Governor, allowing you to automatically
post to twitter whenever you post or update an article.

== Dependencies

* Governor[http://carpeliam.github.com/governor/]
* twitter[https://github.com/jnunemaker/twitter] gem
* shortie[https://github.com/lassebunk/shortie] gem, for URL shortening
* GovernorBackground[https://github.com/carpeliam/governor_background]
* And because of the GovernorBackground dependency, either
  Delayed_Job[https://github.com/collectiveidea/delayed_job] or
  Resque[https://github.com/defunkt/resque]. If you use Resque, it's highly
  recommended that you use
  resque-status[https://github.com/quirkey/resque-status] as well.

== Setting up

In your Gemfile, add the following:

    gem 'twitter', '>= 1.1'
    gem 'shortie'
    gem 'governor'
    gem 'governor_background'
    # gem 'delayed_job'                                # if you're using delayed_job
    # gem 'resque', :require => 'resque/server'        # if you're using resque
    # gem 'resque-status', :require => 'resque/status' # recommended if you're using resque
    gem 'governor_twitter'

Then, make sure you follow instructions
for configuring Twitter, namely adding an initializer with your keys/secrets.

== Contributing to governor_twitter
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Liam Morley. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

